Add macos install instructions (#253)
ignitionrobotics/ign-common: tutorials/install.md

Be sure to replace `<#>` with a number value, such as 2 or 3, depending on
which version you need.

### macOS

On macOS, add OSRF packages:
  ```
  ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
  brew tap osrf/simulation
  ```

Install Ignition Common:
  ```
  brew install ignition-common<#>
  ```

> Be sure to replace `<#>` with a number value, such as 1 or 2, depending on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to replace `<#>` with a number value, such as 3 or 4, depending on
```

Maybe prefer the newer versions, as they will be supported for longer.

  sudo make install
  ```

### macOS

1. Clone the repository
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-common -b ign-common<#>
  ```
  Be sure to replace `<#>` with a number value, such as 1 or 2, depending on
  which version you need.

2. Install dependencies
  ```
  brew install --only-dependencies ignition-common<#>
  ```
  Be sure to replace `<#>` with a number value, such as 1 or 2, depending on
  which version you need.

3. Configure and build
  ```

>   cd ign-math

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cd ign-common
```
